fix(spec): add Base45 and Proquint fixtures & update encoding rules (#138)
multiformats/multibase: rfcs/Proquint.md

```
pro-lusab-babad
```

## Odd-byte inputs

The original proquint specification operates on 16-bit chunks and is silent on inputs whose length is not a multiple of two bytes. Multibase requires arbitrary byte sequences to be encodable, so this document specifies the following extension:

> When the input has an odd number of bytes, every pair of bytes is encoded as a 5-character `CVCVC` block as usual, and the final byte is encoded as a 3-character `CVC` block representing the high 8 bits of a 16-bit value whose low 8 bits are zero. The trailing `CVC` block is joined to the preceding blocks with `-` in the usual way.

Reviewer: (optional)  hm.. the 16-bit framing is hard to follow (and slightly imprecise, iiuc a `CVC` block carries 10 bits, not 8?). A bullet list spelling out where each pair of bits goes is clearer and avoids the implicit 16-bit construction:

```suggestion
When the input has an odd number of bytes, every pair of bytes is encoded as a 5-character `CVCVC` block as usual, and the final byte is encoded as a 3-character `CVC` block in which:

- the first consonant carries bits 7-4 of the byte;
- the vowel carries bits 3-2 of the byte;
- the second consonant carries bits 1-0 of the byte in its high 2 bits, with its low 2 bits zero.

The trailing `CVC` block is joined to the preceding blocks with `-` in the usual way.
```

For example, the single byte `[0x21]` (`!`) is encoded as:

```
pro-fah
```

> The second consonant in the trailing `CVC` block carries the two least-significant bits of the input byte in its two most-significant bits; its two least-significant bits MUST be zero. Decoders MUST reject any trailing `CVC` block where this is not the case, so that the encoding is canonical and bijective. The four valid trailing consonants are `b`, `h`, `m`, and `s`.

Reviewer: (optional) the example shows `pro-fah` for a 1-byte input, but the prose only says blocks join with `-` to *preceding* blocks. adding a sentence that covers the single-block case removes the ambiguity:

```suggestion
The second consonant in the trailing `CVC` block carries the two least-significant bits of the input byte in its two most-significant bits; its two least-significant bits MUST be zero. Decoders MUST reject any trailing `CVC` block where this is not the case, so that the encoding is canonical and bijective. The four valid trailing consonants are `b`, `h`, `m`, and `s`. When the input is a single byte the trailing `CVC` block is the only block, so the output is `pro-` followed directly by the three characters, as in the example above.
```
